# PFOS-Ges-Lac
In the originally submitted version, please refer to section "7. Additional files and instructions" in the Supplementary Materials of the submitted PFOS gestational and lcatational PBPK manuscript for detailed explanation of this repository.

Note on October 27, 2020: The original manuscript, model codes and other supplementary materials were submitted to Environmental Health Perspectives on June 14, 2020. We received the decision letter and reviewers' comments on September 1, 2020. We revised the model code slightly based on reviewers' comments. This is the revised version of the model codes in the "Additional files" zip file as of October 27, 2020 that we are going to resubmit shortly. Please refer to section "8. Additional files, instructions, and tutorials" in the Supplementary Materials of the resubmitted PFOS gestational and lcatational PBPK manuscript for detailed explanation of this repository.

Note on December 17, 2020: We received reviewers' and editorial comments on the R1 version of the manuscript. We have revised the code files based on these additional comments. This is the revised version of the model codes in the "Additional files" zip file as of December 17, 2020 that we are going to resubmit shortly. Please refer to section "8. Additional files, instructions, and tutorials" in the Supplemental Materials of the resubmitted PFOS gestational and lcatational PBPK manuscript for detailed explanation of this repository.

Note on February 08, 2021: we received additional editorial comments on the R2 version of the manuscript on January 14, 2021. We have revised the manuscript and slightly updated the code files. This is the revised version of the model code file as "Supplemental Zipped file" as of February 8, 2021. We are going to resubmit the revised manuscript shortly. Please refer to the Section 4 of the Supplemental Material Word file for detailed explanation of this repository.
